c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\SimpleStackPanel.g.cs
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\SimpleStackPanel.baml
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\GridWithSplitter.g.cs
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\GridWithSplitter.baml
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\SimpleCanvas.g.cs
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\SimpleCanvas.baml
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\SimpleDockPanel.g.cs
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\SimpleDockPanel.baml
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\SimpleWrapPanel.g.cs
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\SimpleWrapPanel.baml
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\ColumnSpan.g.cs
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\ColumnSpan.baml
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\StackProperties.g.cs
c:\users\grad57\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\StackProperties.baml
